Espionage
You are a hired spy, and your task is to get a RC Vehicle through a series of Air Ducts to listen in to a very private 
conversation.
Your only issue, there arent any plans for the building, so you have to go in blind.

Page One, Outside the Building. (Display Backstory)
You know the general area where the discussions are being help, at the far side of the top floor. You know of two possible
entryways. You can go either the close but loud path with the exhaust pushing against you, or the quiet but longer path from
the bottom up. 
(Page 3 and Page 4)

Page Two, SUCCESS (Show Win)
You found the location and were able to plant your bot like a fly on the wall. 
(Page 0)

Page Three, Long Entry (Safe)
You decide to take the long but quiet route, if you were to be caught you would surely get killed or worse. As a benefit, 
the entry point is a lot closer. You head to the back alley, where you noticed a vent exit when you first scoped out the 
building.
Quickly you pull out your RC Vehicle, a silent spider looking device, and set it on the vent. It crawls in.
After a moment, you notice that there are two paths that you can take. One is a large vent shaft and the other is small.
(Page 5 and Page 6)

Page Four, Short but sour (Unsafe)
You decide to take the fast but dangerous route. In order to get there you will either need to send in your bot on its own, at the risk of the bot not being able to get in solo, or head up their yourself at the risk of being caught.
(Page 7 and Page 8)

Page Five, Main Path Quiet
You take the larger vent, hopefully the conversation requires a lot of air. 
After a minute of searching you find yourself at a second crossroads, two seperate vents to rooms.
(Page 9 and Page 2)

Page Six, Side Path Quiet
Going down the side path you find yourself in a room that can only be described as storage, however, as your bot crawls into the room, it gets spotted by a motion detector!
Guards start running towards your location.
(Page 9)

Page Seven, Bot Solo (Semi-Success)
You send your bot up on its own, and its able to find its way into the vent successfully! However, it did get slowed down by the vent air.
You were able to place your bot in the right location, however the vent was stronger than anticipated! Your bot was unable to make it on time, and when it gets their the conversation has already reached its conclusion.
(Page 0)

Page Eight, Up the Side
You dummy, there are armed guards on the roof!
(Page 9)

Page Nine, FAILURE
You are captured by the enemy and swiftly executed.
(Page 0)

